# __Meeting with Nisar__
## _Monday, January 22, 2018_

# Topics to discuss
- Going forward with Ramos paper
    - timeline
    - objectives

- Nature of managing Soushil
    - What should he be assisting with, and how much?

- How time should be allocated
    - specifically between personal projects and things Luke needs
    - How will billing hours between these projects work

- Update on SeperableKMeans progress
    - plots
    - Luke will check in with questions on moving forward tomorrow

# Notes
